Okay, faster car, fastest car, excellent.
I'll rename this.
All right, what's happening here?
So we start by sorting the car and
the horsepower, all right?
Let's go ahead and
start a composition here.
And we'll do this first and
I'm not gonna do prop, yeah, I am.
Whatever.
[LAUGH] We're having a good time.
And then we're gonna get the last,
right, we got sorted,
gets passed in into last, great.
Good times.
And then, uh-oh, what's happening here?
We're gonna add is fastest to the name.
Okay, so we have to get the prop name.
And then we're going to concat and
this is, lame.
I went through this a little bit earlier.
But you know these helper functions
that just magically pop out
of nowhere to help you solve
the problem are all in the Ramda docs.
I was just counting on myself to
introduce them before you got here.
If I didn't, I apologize.
Looks like we're not quite there, spaces.
Look at that.
It put it on the beginning, not the end.
So check this out.
[LAUGH] That's the theme of the day.
[LAUGH] Wait, let's do this.
We're gonna flip concat and
apply that with that.
That's fine.
That's great.
Who wants to piss off their co-workers?
>> [LAUGH]
>> So why don't we make a append, right?
And we'll call it that.
There we go.
And this is a little bit more digestible.
This is your application logic.
You want to bubble up all the the primary
business like process workflow
through this composition and
it kind of keeps you at a high
level declarative kind of
syntax where you're forced to think about
data flowing through your pipe, right?
And also staying at the same
level of abstraction.
Like if I jumped in here and
twiddled a bit, right, and
I said like xx, modulo two and
did some weird stuff.
[LAUGH] You would see that over
in a large procedural function.
Here we're kind of
restraining ourselves or
constraining ourselves to
this declarative syntax.
A few other words on that is that
this compose does not specify order.
We know that it's going
to go right to left but
the compiler, the language rules does not
really know how it's it's actually
calling these functions under the hood.
We have a lot of freedom and
parallelization.
And that's why we're able
to just rely on Ramda or
Lodash to just fuse those two for us.
I wrote two loops in a row.
So I'm gonna figure it out.
You can make it optimized and they do.
And that's awesome.
If you're writing two for loops, you have
to go back and manually figure out what's
happening in the middle of these loops and
things to be able to combine them.
So it's really nice this high
level declarative is where writing
applications, we'll go
back to our example here.
Hopefully, this one that was this what
we're gonna be doing today makes sense now
a little bit.
So maybe not the bottom line yet,
but we'll talk about that.
But this is where this high level
application specification starts to pay
off with just reading a pipeline,
it wrangles control flow,
it gets rid of state, you're making
generalized things that aren't
specific to their names, and you have tons
of freedom in implementation underneath.